in Western Australia these dolphins have
taken on an even tougher challenge the
fish have taken refuge cliffs of the
beach where the water is only a few
centimetres deep kale slapping is a
method dolphins often use to stun their
prey but it doesn't seem to work here
the fish are tantalisingly close but
they're still out of reach so the
Dolphins try another technique
vigorously pumping their tails they work
up some speed and then they hydroplane
[Applause]
[Music]
their momentum carries them right
through the shallowest waters and onto
the fish
now they're in real danger of being
stranded but fortune favors the brave
[Music]
younger dolphins lie alongside watching
but so far only eight individuals here
have mastered this daring technique
[Music]